Anti-discrimination guidelines outlined in the EEOC's Uniform Guidelines on Employee Selection, procedures apply to all of these employers EXCEPT?
A)  Most state and local government employees
B)  Federal government contractors
C)  Labor organizations
D)  The armed forces
ANSWER:D

Conducting a phone interview falls under which step of the selection process?
A)  evaluation by association
B)  assessment
C)  external verification
D)  screening interview 
ANSWER: D

Contacting a candidate’s references falls under which step of the selection process?
A)  screening interview
B)  evaluation by association
C)  assessment
D)  external verification 
ANSWER: D

Darshan is posting a job opening at his company. Which of the following methods is likely to have the greatest reach?
A)  placing an advertisement in the newspaper
B)  setting up a booth at a job fair
C)  advertising on an internal job board
D)  posting the job on social media sites 
ANSWER: D

Internal candidates offer all of the following potential advantages over outside hires, is there any exceptional?
A)  Known talent already in the company has a chance to shine.
B)  Hiring internal candidates builds employee loyalty.
C)  Hiring internal candidates may help reduce attrition to other jobs.
D)  Internal candidates inevitably lead to company climate change. 
ANSWER: D

What is the primary goal of recruitment?
A)  to eliminate the need to check references
B)  to promote from within the company
C)  to evaluate worker performance
D)  to build a qualified candidate pool 
ANSWER: D

What rule should hiring managers follow when interviewing applicants in order to avoid making a judgment based on a first impression?
A)  Try to confirm their initial judgments in the interview
B)  Try to make an informed first impression in the first five minutes
C)  Bring the candidate’s resume and qualifications to mind
D)  Try to disprove their initial judgment in the interview 
ANSWER: D

When considering job postings, Jamal looks up information on each company’s reputation. Which of the following brand reputation factors is most likely to deter Jamal from seeking employment with a certain company?
A)  customer dissatisfaction
B)  poor fiscal performance last quarter
C)  shrinking market share
D)  poor leadership 
ANSWER: D

Which of these basic recommendations for forming interview questions BEST addresses the need for fairness in interviewing all candidates?
A)  Questions should focus on job duties
B)  Questions should reflect the realities of the position
C)  Questions should reflect the business environment
D）   Questions asked should be consistent across candidates 
ANSWER: D

Which of these practices is MOST likely to result in a workforce with insufficient diversity?
A)  masking biographical information on resumes
B)  posting a job advertisement on a variety of websites
C)  administering a competency test for work-related tasks
D)  employee word-of-mouth recruitment 
ANSWER: D

Which of these recruitment practices is most likely to attract potential employees to a job?
A)  interview schedule changes
B)  posting unclear information about job duties
C)  posting job descriptions and salaries as “flexible”
D)  providing clear and consistent communication 
ANSWER: D

Which of these tasks is NOT performed during the application step in the selection process?
A)  Conduct an initial assessment based on resume, cover letter, and application
B)  Incorporate pre-screening questions that confirm a candidate meets minimum qualifications
C)  Eliminate candidates who have unrealistic salary or schedule expectations for the job
D)  Calling candidates’ references for verification of qualifications 
ANSWER: D

Which would be the BEST first step when developing a job advertisement?
A)  Write to keep requirements broad
B)  Create a list of all possible KSAs
C)  Review annual earnings
D)  Write with a specific person in mind 
ANSWER: D

During a company-wide expense audit, departments are being asked to justify their spending allocations. Which of the following is the best way for Human Resources to explain the benefits of the onboarding process?
A)  Onboarding saves the company money since compensation is not required during the onboarding process.
B)  Effective onboarding guarantees employee job satisfaction and therefore eliminates turnover.
C)  Onboarding eliminates stress which increases morale.
D)  Proper onboarding reduces turnover, which reduces hiring costs. 
ANSWER: D

High performing organizations are more likely to implement which of the following onboarding methods?
A)  an individualized program
B)  a delayed onboarding program
C)  an unstructured program
D)  a mentorship program 
ANSWER: D

Miles has noticed that his newly hired employee, Rebecca, is really struggling to properly use their cloud-based computing system. Although she was hired from another company in the same field, her previous employer used a different computing system. Miles identifies there is a training gap and works to retrain Rebecca on the cloud-based computing system. This gap reflects a lack of which of the following?
A)  soft skills
B)  understanding of job expectations
C)  industry knowledge
D)  hard skills 
ANSWER: D

Training needs assessments can be utilized to identify training gaps. Which of the following is NOT one of the six steps in the training needs assessment process that can help to identify training gaps?
A)  establish clear expectations
B)  support career development
C)  establish a coaching and mentoring program
D)  review interview question responses 
ANSWER: D

Which of the following statements best describes the role of training and development of a newly hired employee?
A)  Development is the primary focus of a new employee as it focuses on the hard skills required to perform their job functions.
B)  Training is the primary focus of a new employee as it focuses on the soft skills required to perform their job functions.
C)  Development is the primary focus of a new employee as it focuses on the soft skills required to perform their job functions.
D)  Training is the primary focus of a new employee as it focuses on the hard skills required to perform their job functions.
ANSWER: D

Which of the following steps in The ADDIE Model defines the learning environment and establish instructional goals and objectives?
A)  evaluation
B)  development
C)  design
D)  analysis 
ANSWER: D

Which of the following steps in The ADDIE Model should be utilized during every portion of the model?
A)  design
B)  analysis
C)  implementation
D)  evaluation 
ANSWER: D

Base salary or hourly wage, cash bonuses, and annual incentives are all types of:
A)  indirect compensation
B)  intangible compensation
C)  general compensation
D)  direct compensation 
ANSWER: D

The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) was designed to eliminate labor conditions detrimental to the maintenance of the minimum standards of living necessary for health, efficiency, and well being of workers. Which of the following was established as a result?
A)  minimum time off requirements
B)  health benefit regulations
C)  minimum time between shifts regulations
D)  minimum wage laws 
ANSWER: D

What does research show about the connection between compensation and motivation?
A)  Compensation is the biggest motivator for employees to seek employment elsewhere.
B)  Employee motivation determines their compensation.
C)  Motivated employees are more likely to be compensated for their efforts.
D)  Money and career growth are the biggest motivators driving employees to seek other jobs. 
ANSWER: D

What is NOT an example of the additional benefits employers offer to their employees that are not mandated by law?
A)  paid parental leave
B)  gender reassignment benefits
C)  pet health care
D)  unemployment insurance 
ANSWER: D

What is the most discussed and divisive pay equity issue?
A)  the Equal Pay Act
B)  the minority pay gap
C)  Equal Pay Day
D)  the gender pay gap 
ANSWER: D

What is the strongest motivator, next to compensation?
A)  recognition
B)  autonomy
C)  passion
D)  It depends on the individual. 
ANSWER: D

Which method of developing a pay structure includes using market data to set a salary range?
A)  job analysis
B)  job evaluation
C)  pay grades
D)  benchmarking 
ANSWER: D

Which of the following is a violation of the Equal Pay Act?
A)  A company pays a male employee more because he is able to do a job in 5 hours that takes his female counterpart 6 hours
B)  A company pays a female employee more than a male employee because she works the night shift and the male employee works the day shift.
C)  A company pays a female employee less than a male employee at a different branch of the office for doing the same work.
D)  A company pays a male employee more than a female employee because the company believes the female employee will take more days off.
ANSWER: D

Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of intrinsic motivation?
A)  mastery
B)  relatedness
C)  purpose
D)  money 
ANSWER: D

Which of the following statements is false, relating to intrinsic and extrinsic motivation?
A)  Intrinsic motivation occurs when you act without any obvious external rewards.
B)  When a person is motivated extrinsically, their activity or behavior is a means to an end, rather than an end in itself.
C)  Intrinsic motivation could come from one’s desire to improve the world they live in.
D)  Extrinsic rewards are personal. 
ANSWER: D

You have already done extensive research related to the development of your company’s new pay
structure. What is your final step in determining the new structure?
A)  complete market pricing
B)  conduct a job evaluation
C)  conduct a job analysis
D)  establish pay grades 
ANSWER: D

You have been tasked with developing a new pay structure for your office. What is the first step you would suggest?
A)  conduct a job evaluation
B)  consider market pricing
C)  determine pay grades
D)  conduct a job analysis 
ANSWER: D


